The two most fundamental components in React Native are View and Text.
And we can see both of these in the sample app that Create React Native gives us.
What's cool about View is It's going to map directly to
the native equivalent on whatever platform React Native is running on.
So on Android, it's going to map to android.view,
and on iOS, it's going to map to ui.view.
You can kind of think of View the same way you would think of div on the web.
And one tricky thing that might take time to get used to,
is typically on the web,
you'll do something like this,
where you have a paragraph,
and you'll have some text inside of it,
or sometimes, you'll even have a div,
with some text inside of it.
But with React Native,
you need to make sure that when ever you have text,
that you wrap that text inside of the text component.
If you don't do that,
what's going to happen when you try to run your app?
As noticed, you'll get an error here saying,
raw text, open up app.
Start working on your app.
Basically, it's saying this section right here,
isn't wrapped inside of a text component.